README.md, before:

# Gas Town

**Multi-agent orchestration system for Claude Code with persistent work tracking**

## Overview

Gas Town is a workspace manager that lets you coordinate multiple Claude Code agents working on different tasks. Instead of losing context when agents restart, Gas Town persists work state in git-backed hooks, enabling reliable multi-agent workflows.

### What Problem Does This Solve?

| Challenge                       | Gas Town Solution                            |
| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Agents lose context on restart  | Work persists in git-backed hooks            |
| Manual agent coordination       | Built-in mailboxes, identities, and handoffs |
| 4-10 agents become chaotic      | Scale comfortably to 20-30 agents            |
| Work state lost in agent memory | Work state stored in Beads ledger            |

### Architecture

```mermaid
graph TB
    Mayor[The Mayor<br/>AI Coordinator]
    Town[Town Workspace<br/>~/gt/]

    Town --> Mayor
    Town --> Rig1[Rig: Project A]
    Town --> Rig2[Rig: Project B]

    Rig1 --> Crew1[Crew Member<br/>Your workspace]
    Rig1 --> Hooks1[Hooks<br/>Persistent storage]
    Rig1 --> Polecats1[Polecats<br/>Worker agents]

    Rig2 --> Crew2[Crew Member]
    Rig2 --> Hooks2[Hooks]
    Rig2 --> Polecats2[Polecats]

    Hooks1 -.git worktree.-> GitRepo1[Git Repository]
    Hooks2 -.git worktree.-> GitRepo2[Git Repository]

    style Mayor fill:#e1f5ff
    style Town fill:#f0f0f0
    style Rig1 fill:#fff4e1
    style Rig2 fill:#fff4e1
```

## Core Concepts

### The Mayor 🎩

Your primary AI coordinator. The Mayor is a Claude Code instance with full context about your workspace, projects, and agents. **Start here** - just tell the Mayor what you want to accomplish.

### Town 🏘️

Your workspace directory (e.g., `~/gt/`). Contains all projects, agents, and configuration.

### Rigs 🏗️

Project containers. Each rig wraps a git repository and manages its associated agents.

### Crew Members 👤

Your personal workspace within a rig. Where you do hands-on work.

### Polecats 🦨

Ephemeral worker agents that spawn, complete a task, and disappear.

### Hooks 🪝

Git worktree-based persistent storage for agent work. Survives crashes and restarts.

### Convoys 🚚

Work tracking units. Bundle multiple issues/tasks that get assigned to agents.

### Beads Integration 📿

Git-backed issue tracking system that stores work state as structured data.

> **New to Gas Town?** See the [Glossary](docs/glossary.md) for a complete guide to terminology and concepts.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- **Go 1.23+** - [go.dev/dl](https://go.dev/dl/)
- **Git 2.25+** - for worktree support
- **beads (bd) 0.44.0+** - [github.com/steveyegge/beads](https://github.com/steveyegge/beads) (required for custom type support)
- **tmux 3.0+** - recommended for full experience
- **Claude Code CLI** (default runtime) - [claude.ai/code](https://claude.ai/code)
- **Codex CLI** (optional runtime) - [developers.openai.com/codex/cli](https://developers.openai.com/codex/cli)

### Setup

```bash
# Install Gas Town
go install github.com/steveyegge/gastown/cmd/gt@latest

# Add Go binaries to PATH (add to ~/.zshrc or ~/.bashrc)
export PATH="$PATH:$HOME/go/bin"

# Create workspace with git initialization
gt install ~/gt --git
cd ~/gt

# Add your first project
gt rig add myproject https://github.com/you/repo.git

# Create your crew workspace
gt crew add yourname --rig myproject
cd myproject/crew/yourname

# Start the Mayor session (your main interface)
gt mayor attach
```

## Quick Start Guide

### Basic Workflow

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant You
    participant Mayor
    participant Convoy
    participant Agent
    participant Hook

    You->>Mayor: Tell Mayor what to build
    Mayor->>Convoy: Create convoy with issues
    Mayor->>Agent: Sling issue to agent
    Agent->>Hook: Store work state
    Agent->>Agent: Complete work
    Agent->>Convoy: Report completion
    Mayor->>You: Summary of progress
```

### Example: Feature Development

```bash
# 1. Start the Mayor
gt mayor attach

# 2. In Mayor session, create a convoy
gt convoy create "Feature X" issue-123 issue-456 --notify --human

# 3. Assign work to an agent
gt sling issue-123 myproject

# 4. Track progress
gt convoy list

# 5. Monitor agents
gt agents
```

## Common Workflows

### Mayor Workflow (Recommended)

**Best for:** Coordinating complex, multi-issue work

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    Start([Start Mayor]) --> Tell[Tell Mayor<br/>what to build]
    Tell --> Creates[Mayor creates<br/>convoy + agents]
    Creates --> Monitor[Monitor progress<br/>via convoy list]
    Monitor --> Done{All done?}
    Done -->|No| Monitor
    Done -->|Yes| Review[Review work]
```

**Commands:**

```bash
# Attach to Mayor
gt mayor attach

# In Mayor, create convoy and let it orchestrate
gt convoy create "Auth System" issue-101 issue-102 --notify

# Track progress
gt convoy list
```

### Minimal Mode (No Tmux)

Run individual runtime instances manually. Gas Town just tracks state.

```bash
gt convoy create "Fix bugs" issue-123  # Create convoy (sling auto-creates if skipped)
gt sling issue-123 myproject           # Assign to worker
claude --resume                        # Agent reads mail, runs work (Claude)
# or: codex                            # Start Codex in the workspace
gt convoy list                         # Check progress
```

### Beads Formula Workflow

**Best for:** Predefined, repeatable processes

Formulas are TOML-defined workflows stored in `.beads/formulas/`.

**Example Formula** (`.beads/formulas/release.formula.toml`):

```toml
description = "Standard release process"
formula = "release"
version = 1

[vars.version]
description = "The semantic version to release (e.g., 1.2.0)"
required = true

[[steps]]
id = "bump-version"
title = "Bump version"
description = "Run ./scripts/bump-version.sh {{version}}"

[[steps]]
id = "run-tests"
title = "Run tests"
description = "Run make test"
needs = ["bump-version"]

[[steps]]
id = "build"
title = "Build"
description = "Run make build"
needs = ["run-tests"]

[[steps]]
id = "create-tag"
title = "Create release tag"
description = "Run git tag -a v{{version}} -m 'Release v{{version}}'"
needs = ["build"]

[[steps]]
id = "publish"
title = "Publish"
description = "Run ./scripts/publish.sh"
needs = ["create-tag"]
```

**Execute:**

```bash
# List available formulas
bd formula list

# Run a formula with variables
bd cook release --var version=1.2.0

# Create formula instance for tracking
bd mol pour release --var version=1.2.0
```

### Manual Convoy Workflow

**Best for:** Direct control over work distribution

```bash
# Create convoy manually
gt convoy create "Bug Fixes" --human

# Add issues
gt convoy add-issue bug-101 bug-102

# Assign to specific agents
gt sling bug-101 myproject/my-agent

# Check status
gt convoy show
```

## Runtime Configuration

Gas Town supports multiple AI coding runtimes. Per-rig runtime settings are in `settings/config.json`.

```json
{
  "runtime": {
    "provider": "codex",
    "command": "codex",
    "args": [],
    "prompt_mode": "none"
  }
}
```

**Notes:**

- Claude uses hooks in `.claude/settings.json` for mail injection and startup.
- For Codex, set `project_doc_fallback_filenames = ["CLAUDE.md"]` in
  `~/.codex/config.toml` so role instructions are picked up.
- For runtimes without hooks (e.g., Codex), Gas Town sends a startup fallback
  after the session is ready: `gt prime`, optional `gt mail check --inject`
  for autonomous roles, and `gt nudge deacon session-started`.

## Key Commands

### Workspace Management

```bash
gt install <path>           # Initialize workspace
gt rig add <name> <repo>    # Add project
gt rig list                 # List projects
gt crew add <name> --rig <rig>  # Create crew workspace
```

### Agent Operations

```bash
gt agents                   # List active agents
gt sling <issue> <rig>      # Assign work to agent
gt sling <issue> <rig> --agent cursor   # Override runtime for this sling/spawn
gt mayor attach             # Start Mayor session
gt mayor start --agent auggie           # Run Mayor with a specific agent alias
gt prime                    # Alternative to mayor attach
```

**Built-in agent presets**: `claude`, `gemini`, `codex`, `cursor`, `auggie`, `amp`

### Convoy (Work Tracking)

```bash
gt convoy create <name> [issues...] # Create convoy
gt convoy list              # List all convoys
gt convoy show [id]         # Show convoy details
gt convoy add-issue <issue> # Add issue to convoy
```

### Configuration

```bash
# Set custom agent command
gt config agent set claude-glm "claude-glm --model glm-4"
gt config agent set codex-low "codex --thinking low"

# Set default agent
gt config default-agent claude-glm

# View config
gt config show
```

### Beads Integration

```bash
bd formula list             # List formulas
bd cook <formula>           # Execute formula
bd mol pour <formula>       # Create trackable instance
bd mol list                 # List active instances
```

## Cooking Formulas

Gas Town includes built-in formulas for common workflows. See `.beads/formulas/` for available recipes.

## Dashboard

Gas Town includes a web dashboard for monitoring:

```bash
# Start dashboard
gt dashboard --port 8080

# Open in browser
open http://localhost:8080
```

Features:

- Real-time agent status
- Convoy progress tracking
- Hook state visualization
- Configuration management

## Advanced Concepts

### The Propulsion Principle

Gas Town uses git hooks as a propulsion mechanism. Each hook is a git worktree with:

1. **Persistent state** - Work survives agent restarts
2. **Version control** - All changes tracked in git
3. **Rollback capability** - Revert to any previous state
4. **Multi-agent coordination** - Shared through git

### Hook Lifecycle

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> Created: Agent spawned
    Created --> Active: Work assigned
    Active --> Suspended: Agent paused
    Suspended --> Active: Agent resumed
    Active --> Completed: Work done
    Completed --> Archived: Hook archived
    Archived --> [*]
```

### MEOW (Mayor-Enhanced Orchestration Workflow)

MEOW is the recommended pattern:

1. **Tell the Mayor** - Describe what you want
2. **Mayor analyzes** - Breaks down into tasks
3. **Convoy creation** - Mayor creates convoy with issues
4. **Agent spawning** - Mayor spawns appropriate agents
5. **Work distribution** - Issues slung to agents via hooks
6. **Progress monitoring** - Track through convoy status
7. **Completion** - Mayor summarizes results

## Shell Completions

```bash
# Bash
gt completion bash > /etc/bash_completion.d/gt

# Zsh
gt completion zsh > "${fpath[1]}/_gt"

# Fish
gt completion fish > ~/.config/fish/completions/gt.fish
```

## Project Roles

| Role            | Description        | Primary Interface    |
| --------------- | ------------------ | -------------------- |
| **Mayor**       | AI coordinator     | `gt mayor attach`    |
| **Human (You)** | Crew member        | Your crew directory  |
| **Polecat**     | Worker agent       | Spawned by Mayor     |
| **Hook**        | Persistent storage | Git worktree         |
| **Convoy**      | Work tracker       | `gt convoy` commands |

## Tips

- **Always start with the Mayor** - It's designed to be your primary interface
- **Use convoys for coordination** - They provide visibility across agents
- **Leverage hooks for persistence** - Your work won't disappear
- **Create formulas for repeated tasks** - Save time with Beads recipes
- **Monitor the dashboard** - Get real-time visibility
- **Let the Mayor orchestrate** - It knows how to manage agents

## Troubleshooting

### Agents lose connection

Check hooks are properly initialized:

```bash
gt hooks list
gt hooks repair
```

### Convoy stuck

Force refresh:

```bash
gt convoy refresh <convoy-id>
```

### Mayor not responding

Restart Mayor session:

```bash
gt mayor detach
gt mayor attach
```

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

---

**Getting Started:** Run `gt install ~/gt --git && cd ~/gt && gt config agent list && gt mayor attach` (or `gt mayor attach --agent codex`) and tell the Mayor what you want to build!

Commit message:

feat(codex): document and test Codex agent workflow

README.md, after:

# Gas Town

**Multi-agent orchestration system for Claude Code with persistent work tracking**

## Overview

Gas Town is a workspace manager that lets you coordinate multiple Claude Code agents working on different tasks. Instead of losing context when agents restart, Gas Town persists work state in git-backed hooks, enabling reliable multi-agent workflows.

### What Problem Does This Solve?

| Challenge                       | Gas Town Solution                            |
| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Agents lose context on restart  | Work persists in git-backed hooks            |
| Manual agent coordination       | Built-in mailboxes, identities, and handoffs |
| 4-10 agents become chaotic      | Scale comfortably to 20-30 agents            |
| Work state lost in agent memory | Work state stored in Beads ledger            |

### Architecture

```mermaid
graph TB
    Mayor[The Mayor<br/>AI Coordinator]
    Town[Town Workspace<br/>~/gt/]

    Town --> Mayor
    Town --> Rig1[Rig: Project A]
    Town --> Rig2[Rig: Project B]

    Rig1 --> Crew1[Crew Member<br/>Your workspace]
    Rig1 --> Hooks1[Hooks<br/>Persistent storage]
    Rig1 --> Polecats1[Polecats<br/>Worker agents]

    Rig2 --> Crew2[Crew Member]
    Rig2 --> Hooks2[Hooks]
    Rig2 --> Polecats2[Polecats]

    Hooks1 -.git worktree.-> GitRepo1[Git Repository]
    Hooks2 -.git worktree.-> GitRepo2[Git Repository]

    style Mayor fill:#e1f5ff
    style Town fill:#f0f0f0
    style Rig1 fill:#fff4e1
    style Rig2 fill:#fff4e1
```

## Core Concepts

### The Mayor 🎩

Your primary AI coordinator. The Mayor is a Claude Code instance with full context about your workspace, projects, and agents. **Start here** - just tell the Mayor what you want to accomplish.

### Town 🏘️

Your workspace directory (e.g., `~/gt/`). Contains all projects, agents, and configuration.

### Rigs 🏗️

Project containers. Each rig wraps a git repository and manages its associated agents.

### Crew Members 👤

Your personal workspace within a rig. Where you do hands-on work.

### Polecats 🦨

Ephemeral worker agents that spawn, complete a task, and disappear.

### Hooks 🪝

Git worktree-based persistent storage for agent work. Survives crashes and restarts.

### Convoys 🚚

Work tracking units. Bundle multiple issues/tasks that get assigned to agents.

### Beads Integration 📿

Git-backed issue tracking system that stores work state as structured data.

> **New to Gas Town?** See the [Glossary](docs/glossary.md) for a complete guide to terminology and concepts.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- **Go 1.23+** - [go.dev/dl](https://go.dev/dl/)
- **Git 2.25+** - for worktree support
- **beads (bd) 0.44.0+** - [github.com/steveyegge/beads](https://github.com/steveyegge/beads) (required for custom type support)
- **tmux 3.0+** - recommended for full experience
- **Claude Code CLI** (default runtime) - [claude.ai/code](https://claude.ai/code)
- **Codex CLI** (optional runtime) - [developers.openai.com/codex/cli](https://developers.openai.com/codex/cli)

### Setup

```bash
# Install Gas Town
go install github.com/steveyegge/gastown/cmd/gt@latest

# Add Go binaries to PATH (add to ~/.zshrc or ~/.bashrc)
export PATH="$PATH:$HOME/go/bin"

# Create workspace with git initialization
gt install ~/gt --git
cd ~/gt

# Add your first project
gt rig add myproject https://github.com/you/repo.git

# Create your crew workspace
gt crew add yourname --rig myproject
cd myproject/crew/yourname

# Start the Mayor session (your main interface)
gt mayor attach
```

## Quick Start Guide

### Basic Workflow

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant You
    participant Mayor
    participant Convoy
    participant Agent
    participant Hook

    You->>Mayor: Tell Mayor what to build
    Mayor->>Convoy: Create convoy with issues
    Mayor->>Agent: Sling issue to agent
    Agent->>Hook: Store work state
    Agent->>Agent: Complete work
    Agent->>Convoy: Report completion
    Mayor->>You: Summary of progress
```

### Example: Feature Development

```bash
# 1. Start the Mayor
gt mayor attach

# 2. In Mayor session, create a convoy
gt convoy create "Feature X" issue-123 issue-456 --notify --human

# 3. Assign work to an agent
gt sling issue-123 myproject

# 4. Track progress
gt convoy list

# 5. Monitor agents
gt agents
```

## Common Workflows

### Mayor Workflow (Recommended)

**Best for:** Coordinating complex, multi-issue work

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    Start([Start Mayor]) --> Tell[Tell Mayor<br/>what to build]
    Tell --> Creates[Mayor creates<br/>convoy + agents]
    Creates --> Monitor[Monitor progress<br/>via convoy list]
    Monitor --> Done{All done?}
    Done -->|No| Monitor
    Done -->|Yes| Review[Review work]
```

**Commands:**

```bash
# Attach to Mayor
gt mayor attach

# In Mayor, create convoy and let it orchestrate
gt convoy create "Auth System" issue-101 issue-102 --notify

# Track progress
gt convoy list
```

### Minimal Mode (No Tmux)

Run individual runtime instances manually. Gas Town just tracks state.

```bash
gt convoy create "Fix bugs" issue-123  # Create convoy (sling auto-creates if skipped)
gt sling issue-123 myproject           # Assign to worker
claude --resume                        # Agent reads mail, runs work (Claude)
# or: codex                            # Start Codex in the workspace
gt convoy list                         # Check progress
```

### Beads Formula Workflow

**Best for:** Predefined, repeatable processes

Formulas are TOML-defined workflows stored in `.beads/formulas/`.

**Example Formula** (`.beads/formulas/release.formula.toml`):

```toml
description = "Standard release process"
formula = "release"
version = 1

[vars.version]
description = "The semantic version to release (e.g., 1.2.0)"
required = true

[[steps]]
id = "bump-version"
title = "Bump version"
description = "Run ./scripts/bump-version.sh {{version}}"

[[steps]]
id = "run-tests"
title = "Run tests"
description = "Run make test"
needs = ["bump-version"]

[[steps]]
id = "build"
title = "Build"
description = "Run make build"
needs = ["run-tests"]

[[steps]]
id = "create-tag"
title = "Create release tag"
description = "Run git tag -a v{{version}} -m 'Release v{{version}}'"
needs = ["build"]

[[steps]]
id = "publish"
title = "Publish"
description = "Run ./scripts/publish.sh"
needs = ["create-tag"]
```

**Execute:**

```bash
# List available formulas
bd formula list

# Run a formula with variables
bd cook release --var version=1.2.0

# Create formula instance for tracking
bd mol pour release --var version=1.2.0
```

### Manual Convoy Workflow

**Best for:** Direct control over work distribution

```bash
# Create convoy manually
gt convoy create "Bug Fixes" --human

# Add issues
gt convoy add-issue bug-101 bug-102

# Assign to specific agents
gt sling bug-101 myproject/my-agent

# Check status
gt convoy show
```

## Runtime Configuration

Gas Town supports multiple AI coding runtimes. Per-rig runtime settings are in `settings/config.json`.

```json
{
  "runtime": {
    "provider": "codex",
    "command": "codex",
    "args": [],
    "prompt_mode": "none"
  }
}
```

**Notes:**

- Claude uses hooks in `.claude/settings.json` for mail injection and startup.
- For Codex, set `project_doc_fallback_filenames = ["CLAUDE.md"]` in
  `~/.codex/config.toml` so role instructions are picked up.
- For runtimes without hooks (e.g., Codex), Gas Town sends a startup fallback
  after the session is ready: `gt prime`, optional `gt mail check --inject`
  for autonomous roles, and `gt nudge deacon session-started`.

## Codex Agents

Codex can run as the Mayor or as polecat workers. Configure Codex to read
`CLAUDE.md` for role context:

```toml
# ~/.codex/config.toml
project_doc_fallback_filenames = ["CLAUDE.md"]
```

Start a session or sling work with the Codex preset:

```bash
gt mayor attach --agent codex
gt sling <issue> <rig> --agent codex
```

Optional: set Codex as the default agent for new sessions:

```bash
gt config default-agent codex
```

## Key Commands

### Workspace Management

```bash
gt install <path>           # Initialize workspace
gt rig add <name> <repo>    # Add project
gt rig list                 # List projects
gt crew add <name> --rig <rig>  # Create crew workspace
```

### Agent Operations

```bash
gt agents                   # List active agents
gt sling <issue> <rig>      # Assign work to agent
gt sling <issue> <rig> --agent cursor   # Override runtime for this sling/spawn
gt mayor attach             # Start Mayor session
gt mayor start --agent auggie           # Run Mayor with a specific agent alias
gt prime                    # Alternative to mayor attach
```

**Built-in agent presets**: `claude`, `gemini`, `codex`, `cursor`, `auggie`, `amp`

### Convoy (Work Tracking)

```bash
gt convoy create <name> [issues...] # Create convoy
gt convoy list              # List all convoys
gt convoy show [id]         # Show convoy details
gt convoy add-issue <issue> # Add issue to convoy
```

### Configuration

```bash
# Set custom agent command
gt config agent set claude-glm "claude-glm --model glm-4"
gt config agent set codex-low "codex --thinking low"

# Set default agent
gt config default-agent claude-glm

# View config
gt config show
```

### Beads Integration

```bash
bd formula list             # List formulas
bd cook <formula>           # Execute formula
bd mol pour <formula>       # Create trackable instance
bd mol list                 # List active instances
```

## Cooking Formulas

Gas Town includes built-in formulas for common workflows. See `.beads/formulas/` for available recipes.

## Dashboard

Gas Town includes a web dashboard for monitoring:

```bash
# Start dashboard
gt dashboard --port 8080

# Open in browser
open http://localhost:8080
```

Features:

- Real-time agent status
- Convoy progress tracking
- Hook state visualization
- Configuration management

## Advanced Concepts

### The Propulsion Principle

Gas Town uses git hooks as a propulsion mechanism. Each hook is a git worktree with:

1. **Persistent state** - Work survives agent restarts
2. **Version control** - All changes tracked in git
3. **Rollback capability** - Revert to any previous state
4. **Multi-agent coordination** - Shared through git

### Hook Lifecycle

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> Created: Agent spawned
    Created --> Active: Work assigned
    Active --> Suspended: Agent paused
    Suspended --> Active: Agent resumed
    Active --> Completed: Work done
    Completed --> Archived: Hook archived
    Archived --> [*]
```

### MEOW (Mayor-Enhanced Orchestration Workflow)

MEOW is the recommended pattern:

1. **Tell the Mayor** - Describe what you want
2. **Mayor analyzes** - Breaks down into tasks
3. **Convoy creation** - Mayor creates convoy with issues
4. **Agent spawning** - Mayor spawns appropriate agents
5. **Work distribution** - Issues slung to agents via hooks
6. **Progress monitoring** - Track through convoy status
7. **Completion** - Mayor summarizes results

## Shell Completions

```bash
# Bash
gt completion bash > /etc/bash_completion.d/gt

# Zsh
gt completion zsh > "${fpath[1]}/_gt"

# Fish
gt completion fish > ~/.config/fish/completions/gt.fish
```

## Project Roles

| Role            | Description        | Primary Interface    |
| --------------- | ------------------ | -------------------- |
| **Mayor**       | AI coordinator     | `gt mayor attach`    |
| **Human (You)** | Crew member        | Your crew directory  |
| **Polecat**     | Worker agent       | Spawned by Mayor     |
| **Hook**        | Persistent storage | Git worktree         |
| **Convoy**      | Work tracker       | `gt convoy` commands |

## Tips

- **Always start with the Mayor** - It's designed to be your primary interface
- **Use convoys for coordination** - They provide visibility across agents
- **Leverage hooks for persistence** - Your work won't disappear
- **Create formulas for repeated tasks** - Save time with Beads recipes
- **Monitor the dashboard** - Get real-time visibility
- **Let the Mayor orchestrate** - It knows how to manage agents

## Troubleshooting

### Agents lose connection

Check hooks are properly initialized:

```bash
gt hooks list
gt hooks repair
```

### Convoy stuck

Force refresh:

```bash
gt convoy refresh <convoy-id>
```

### Mayor not responding

Restart Mayor session:

```bash
gt mayor detach
gt mayor attach
```

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

---

**Getting Started:** Run `gt install ~/gt --git && cd ~/gt && gt config agent list && gt mayor attach` (or `gt mayor attach --agent codex`) and tell the Mayor what you want to build!
